David built houses for himself in the
David built houses for himself in the City of David and he prepared a place
City of David and he prepared a place
City of David and he prepared a place for the Ark of God and pitched a tent
for the Ark of God and pitched a tent
for the Ark of God and pitched a tent for it then David said no one may carry
for it then David said no one may carry
for it then David said no one may carry the Ark of God but the Levites for the
the Ark of God but the Levites for the
the Ark of God but the Levites for the Lord has chosen them to carry the Ark of
Lord has chosen them to carry the Ark of
Lord has chosen them to carry the Ark of God and to minister before him forever
God and to minister before him forever
God and to minister before him forever and David gathered all Israel together
and David gathered all Israel together
and David gathered all Israel together at Jerusalem to bring up the Ark of the
at Jerusalem to bring up the Ark of the
at Jerusalem to bring up the Ark of the Lord to its place which he had prepared
Lord to its place which he had prepared
Lord to its place which he had prepared for it then David assembled the children
for it then David assembled the children
for it then David assembled the children of Aaron and the Levites of the sons of
of Aaron and the Levites of the sons of
of Aaron and the Levites of the sons of Kohath Uriel the chief and 120 of his
Kohath Uriel the chief and 120 of his
Kohath Uriel the chief and 120 of his brethren of the sons of Merari Isaiah
brethren of the sons of Merari Isaiah
brethren of the sons of Merari Isaiah the chief and two hundred and twenty of
the chief and two hundred and twenty of
the chief and two hundred and twenty of his brethren of the sons of Gershom Joe
his brethren of the sons of Gershom Joe
his brethren of the sons of Gershom Joe of the chief and 130 of his brethren of
of the chief and 130 of his brethren of
of the chief and 130 of his brethren of the sons of alizarin she mayor the chief
the sons of alizarin she mayor the chief
the sons of alizarin she mayor the chief and two hundred of his brethren of the
and two hundred of his brethren of the
and two hundred of his brethren of the sons of hebron allow the chief and 80 of
sons of hebron allow the chief and 80 of
sons of hebron allow the chief and 80 of his brethren of the sons of israel a
his brethren of the sons of israel a
his brethren of the sons of israel a minute add the chief and 112 of his
minute add the chief and 112 of his
minute add the chief and 112 of his brethren and David called fours a Dirk
brethren and David called fours a Dirk
brethren and David called fours a Dirk and a Bartha the priests and for the
and a Bartha the priests and for the
and a Bartha the priests and for the Levites for Uriel Isaiah Joel she mayor
Levites for Uriel Isaiah Joel she mayor
Levites for Uriel Isaiah Joel she mayor a Lyell and a minute and you are the
a Lyell and a minute and you are the
a Lyell and a minute and you are the heads of the fathers houses of the
heads of the fathers houses of the
heads of the fathers houses of the Levites sanctify yourselves you and your
Levites sanctify yourselves you and your
Levites sanctify yourselves you and your brethren but you may bring up the Ark of
brethren but you may bring up the Ark of
brethren but you may bring up the Ark of the Lord God of Israel to the place I
the Lord God of Israel to the place I
the Lord God of Israel to the place I have prepared for it for because you did
have prepared for it for because you did
have prepared for it for because you did not do it the first time the Lord our
not do it the first time the Lord our
not do it the first time the Lord our God broke out against us because we did
God broke out against us because we did
God broke out against us because we did not consult him about the proper order
not consult him about the proper order
not consult him about the proper order so the priests and the Levites
so the priests and the Levites
so the priests and the Levites sanctified themselves to bring up the
sanctified themselves to bring up the
sanctified themselves to bring up the Ark of the Lord God of Israel
Ark of the Lord God of Israel
Ark of the Lord God of Israel and the children of the Levites pour the
and the children of the Levites pour the
and the children of the Levites pour the Ark of God on their shoulders by its
Ark of God on their shoulders by its
Ark of God on their shoulders by its poles as Moses had commanded according
poles as Moses had commanded according
poles as Moses had commanded according to the word of the Lord then David spoke
to the word of the Lord then David spoke
to the word of the Lord then David spoke to the leaders of the Levites to appoint
to the leaders of the Levites to appoint
to the leaders of the Levites to appoint their brethren to be the singers
their brethren to be the singers
their brethren to be the singers accompanied by instruments of music
accompanied by instruments of music
accompanied by instruments of music stringed instruments harps and cymbals
stringed instruments harps and cymbals
stringed instruments harps and cymbals by raising the voice with resounding joy
by raising the voice with resounding joy
by raising the voice with resounding joy so the Levites appointed Heymann the son
so the Levites appointed Heymann the son
so the Levites appointed Heymann the son of Joan and of his brethren
of Joan and of his brethren
of Joan and of his brethren Asaph the son of berechiah and of their
Asaph the son of berechiah and of their
Asaph the son of berechiah and of their brethren the sons of my ray-ray
brethren the sons of my ray-ray
brethren the sons of my ray-ray Ethan the son of COO Shia and with them
Ethan the son of COO Shia and with them
Ethan the son of COO Shia and with them their brethren of the second rank
their brethren of the second rank
their brethren of the second rank Zechariah Ben jzl shamira Mothe Jehiel
Zechariah Ben jzl shamira Mothe Jehiel
Zechariah Ben jzl shamira Mothe Jehiel an eye Eliab binaya
an eye Eliab binaya
an eye Eliab binaya mayor sia mattifier eliphalet McNair
mayor sia mattifier eliphalet McNair
mayor sia mattifier eliphalet McNair obed-edom and Jil the gatekeepers the
obed-edom and Jil the gatekeepers the
obed-edom and Jil the gatekeepers the singers Heymann a safe and ether were to
singers Heymann a safe and ether were to
singers Heymann a safe and ether were to sound the symbols of Brahms Zechariah
sound the symbols of Brahms Zechariah
sound the symbols of Brahms Zechariah azl shimira Mothe Jehiel an eye
azl shimira Mothe Jehiel an eye
azl shimira Mothe Jehiel an eye Eliab Mayer SIA and Benaiah with strings
Eliab Mayer SIA and Benaiah with strings
Eliab Mayer SIA and Benaiah with strings according to a lamothe matter Thyra
according to a lamothe matter Thyra
according to a lamothe matter Thyra eliphalet McNall obed-edom Jehiel and as
eliphalet McNall obed-edom Jehiel and as
eliphalet McNall obed-edom Jehiel and as as I too direct with harps on the chemin
as I too direct with harps on the chemin
as I too direct with harps on the chemin ahthe keneniah leader of the Levites was
ahthe keneniah leader of the Levites was
ahthe keneniah leader of the Levites was instructor in charge of the music
instructor in charge of the music
instructor in charge of the music because he was skillful Berek aya and
because he was skillful Berek aya and
because he was skillful Berek aya and elkanah would doorkeepers for the ark
elkanah would doorkeepers for the ark
elkanah would doorkeepers for the ark Shanaya joshua fought mithun el a
Shanaya joshua fought mithun el a
Shanaya joshua fought mithun el a messiah zechariah benaiah and Eleazar
messiah zechariah benaiah and Eleazar
messiah zechariah benaiah and Eleazar the priests were to blow the trumpets
the priests were to blow the trumpets
the priests were to blow the trumpets before the Ark of God and obut Edom and
before the Ark of God and obut Edom and
before the Ark of God and obut Edom and Josiah doorkeepers for the ark so David
Josiah doorkeepers for the ark so David
Josiah doorkeepers for the ark so David the elders of Israel and the captains
the elders of Israel and the captains
the elders of Israel and the captains over thousands went to bring up the Ark
over thousands went to bring up the Ark
over thousands went to bring up the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord from the
of the Covenant of the Lord from the
of the Covenant of the Lord from the house of obed-edom with joy and so it
house of obed-edom with joy and so it
house of obed-edom with joy and so it was when God helped the Levites who bore
was when God helped the Levites who bore
was when God helped the Levites who bore the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord that
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord that
the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord that they offered seven bulls and seven Rams
they offered seven bulls and seven Rams
they offered seven bulls and seven Rams David was clothed with a robe of fine
David was clothed with a robe of fine
David was clothed with a robe of fine linen as were all the Levites who bore
linen as were all the Levites who bore
linen as were all the Levites who bore the ark the singers and Canon hired the
the ark the singers and Canon hired the
the ark the singers and Canon hired the music master with the singers David also
music master with the singers David also
music master with the singers David also wore a linen ether
wore a linen ether
wore a linen ether thus all Israel brought up the Ark of
thus all Israel brought up the Ark of
thus all Israel brought up the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord with shouting
the Covenant of the Lord with shouting
the Covenant of the Lord with shouting and with the sound of the horn with
and with the sound of the horn with
and with the sound of the horn with trumpets and with cymbals making music
trumpets and with cymbals making music
trumpets and with cymbals making music with stringed instruments and hearts and
with stringed instruments and hearts and
with stringed instruments and hearts and it happened as the Ark of the Covenant
it happened as the Ark of the Covenant
it happened as the Ark of the Covenant of the Lord came to the City of David
of the Lord came to the City of David
of the Lord came to the City of David that Michal Saul's daughter looked
that Michal Saul's daughter looked
that Michal Saul's daughter looked through a window and saw King David
through a window and saw King David
through a window and saw King David whirling and playing music and she
whirling and playing music and she
whirling and playing music and she despised him in her heart